Oh my god, this is simply
So listen to this.
What is this bargain saying?
There's no shame in carving this cheap stuff
Proud instead
Sort of my son carves just like him.
Additional grades
Zhao Daming, look at the good daughter you have raised
Guangzong Yaozu can't do it
Crooked ways are first-class
Our Zhaojiacun
How can there be scum like you?
Why do you call my dad a scum?
Why do you say he is a disgrace to Zhaojiacun?
It's true that my dad lost to Taro Takahashi back then
My mom ran off with Taro Takahashi
But Taro Takahashi
When I came to Zhaojiacun to challenge
Do any of you dare to stand up and fight?
Thousands of villagers
No one dared to stand up and challenge
Let them humiliate
A heavily armed plaque
Almost got smashed
The critical moment was when my dad stood up
Risking your life
Saved the face of Zhaojiacun and his ancestors
What about you? Not one of you dared to stand up and fight
What right do you have to say my dad is a disgrace?
I see you
The real coward
Wimp slandered my dad
Just to cover up their incompetence and cowardice